added documentation on meshsync,operator and database (#2381)
layer5io/meshery: docs/pages/concepts/architecture/meshsync.md

---
layout: default
title: MeshSync
permalink: concepts/architecture/meshsync
type: concepts
redirect_from: architecture/meshsync
abstract: "Meshery offers support for kubernetes cluster/service mesh state synchronization with the help of MeshSync."
language: en
list: include
---

> MeshSync is a custom kubernetes controller that empowers synchronization of the state of the cluster with Meshery server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MeshSync is a custom Kubernetes controller that provides tiered discovery and continual synchronization with Meshery Server as to the state of the Kubernetes cluster, service meshes, and their workloads.
```
